I mustache you a question, but I'm shaving it for later.
I'd love to stay and chat, but I really mustache.
In case of emergency, Tom Selleck's mustache can be used as a flotation device.
The most effective form of birth control for men is not being Tom Selleck.
Tom Selleck's mustache is Victoria's Secret.
Tom Selleck's mustache is the fifth Beatle.
"Since I don't smoke, I decided to grow a mustache. It is better for the health." ~Salvador Dali
"A man without a mustache is like a cup of tea without sugar." ~English Proverb
Forget milk mustaches. Get the real thing.
Fact: In Alabama it is against the law to cause laughter in a church by wearing a fake mustache.
Fact: In Iowa it is against the law for a man with a mustache to kiss a woman in public.
Fact: In 1967, The Beatles gave away cardboard mustaches with "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band."
Albert Einstein had a mustache, so why don't you?
Fact: A U.S. Marine’s mustache cannot be longer than half an inch.
Is your upper lip cold? Grow it a sweater.
The word "mustache" comes from the Latin root "mustacium" which means "convenient supply of extra food."
Fact: Since William H. Taft in 1909, all U.S. Presidents have been clean shaven.
Fact: On average a man with a mustache touches it 760 time in a 24 hr day.
Fact: Ram Singh Chauhan of India has the world's longest mustache at 4.29m (14ft).
Myth: If you shave often, your mustache will grow faster.
Fact: Facial hair grows about .5 inches every month.
Fact: Over the course of their lives, men spend an average of 6 months shaving.
Hair follicles on the upper lip are measured in calibers like firearms
Come back and stachebash.
You'd look better with a mustache.
Mustache Bash misses you.
Forget breakfast. Start your day with a mustache.
Could you use a laugh? Put a mustache on your pet.
Mustache for President.
50% of women find 50% of men 50% more attractive with a mustache.
Chuck Norris's mustache once delivered twins on an international flight.
Hungry? Why wait? Chew on a mustache.
Help a homeless mustache today.
Attention: These mustaches need a home. Please help.
Announcing...your face...only better. Check out Mustache Bash.
Mustache Bash wants you back.
Do your part to protect the environment. Reforest an upper lip today.
Every 20 minutes a child is diagnosed with a mustache.